Old Zhou is this trash
Rely on your reputation to deceive here
Stop!
Mr. Si, I'm so sorry.
I'm late.
Good sunday
They said the ingredients you gave me are your price.
In the end, Mr. Zhou, did you admit your mistake?
He must be a liar
This kind of person should break his legs
Who gave you the courage to talk to Mr. Si like that?
Zhou Lao, are you mistaken?
He's just a junk collector
Yes, Mr. Zhou, don't be deceived by him.
bastard
Mr. Zhou, you must have admitted your mistake.
Such a valuable thing
How can you give this trash?
How dare you speak nonsense?
Notify
From today onwards
Purpose and all cooperation of the inspection group
kill
Now my dad is definitely going to kill me
Who is Si Jingchen?
Even Zhou might as well not eat enough.
Mr. S, I am helpless with love
I'm chasing me, it's better to beg you to tell Lao Zhou to stop
Don't talk about the cooperation between the two of us.
You treat me like a fart
Treat me like a fart
Let it go
Hello, I'm willing to admit defeat
You stand upside down and eat shit, I'll let you go
Shen Mingwei, you rely on Lao Zhou to support you
How dare you do this to me?
Wait for me